[DOCS-1407] Improve the accessibility of link text (#1438)
wandb/docs: content/en/launch/set-up-launch/setup-launch-sagemaker.md

5. Select **Create role**.
6. Note the ARN for the role. You will specify the ARN when you set up the launch agent.

> For creating IAM roles, see the [AWS Identity and Access Management Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/introduction.html).

Author: ```suggestion
To create IAM roles, see the [AWS Identity and Access Management Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/introduction.html).
```
